---
title:   Women
layout:  page
sidebar: false
---
So, you were curious and clicked on the ad. Now what? You want to feel more
desired every time he goes away, to rediscover your marriage and wonder what we
have to offer.

Maybe you expected a magic solution or maybe the ad rang a familiar bell? What's
for sure is the fact that we do understand something about you and your needs.

We at Kahro Diamonds show our customers how to do it with diamonds. Sounds
suspicious? Definitely. But allow us please to share a personal story.

Seventy five years ago, De Beers discovered that marriage proposals go
hand-in-hand with diamond rings. But why?

Maybe you've already started to become aware of what the answer might be. You,
most probably, got a diamond ring when he proposed to you. Was it because he
felt that he needed a serious and genuine gesture and simply saying "marry me"
was not enough? After all, men have difficulty expressing themselves with words.
Or maybe was it something else altogether?

Unfortunately, the diamond industry never bothered to figure out the answer. No
one tried understanding who you are, what you want or dreams you'd like to
fulfil. The diamond industry lived and continues to live in a bubble, totally
ignoring your personality, your hopes and your dreams.

That ignorance bothered us when we entered the diamond industry over thirty
years ago. We wanted to know who you are, what you really want and why you want
to do it with diamonds.  We asked, but nobody was able to give us an answer. One
of us even went into academic research completing his PhD just to find answers
to these basic questions.

Now, after thirty years of experience, thousands of customers and many years of
research we finally reached the answer. We do not know!

Sounds strange, right? Not really, you see, we know that each individual is
different and that they each have their different answers. So what did we learn?
What we've learned over the years is to ask the right questions.

Some people look for shortcuts, not knowing what questions to ask, hoping to get
a crash course on a buying diamonds, willing to leave some money on the table in
exchange for a diamond, any diamond. Sadly for them, women know better and will
detect this impersonal, careless approach immediately.

We don't sell diamonds. We ask questions.

We share with you our vast experience - the knowledge we accumulated of which
questions to ask. Our customers don't come to us to buy diamonds, rather they
come to seriously look at themselves willing to try and understand their dreams
and passions. Are you willing to try?

When we speak about your dreams, about fostering your marriage we don't promise
anything. For over thirty years our customers have managed to find compelling
answers and they've told us, time and again, how a properly purchased diamond
actually helped them foster their marriage.

Answering such questions is a serious undertaking, so you shouldn't rush it. We
don't know when you will be ready to answer them but when the time arrives how
would you know where to find us?

Would you rather call us, text us or send us an email?

Contact us, and we'll provide you with our communication details so that when
the time arrives and you're ready to face the serious questions, you'll be able
to reach us.

I am waiting for your call,

Randy

[Call me](tel:+telephonenumber)
[Email me](mailto:foo@bar.baz)

PS

When you contact us please note whether you'd be interested in partaking in an
enjoyable research we're currently conducting.

We hate spamming too, so don't expect us to bombard you with messages once we
have you in our records.
